Fix CreateNewIndicatorsOnly script (#33907)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_14_38.md

#### Scripts

##### CreateNewIndicatorsOnly

> - Added the `associate_to_current` argument and set its default behavior to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `associate_to_current` argument which associates the indicator with the current incident.
```
